# Intro
There is a fast variety of tools out there to deploy multiple AWS functions. We choosed AWS SAM for now, because it has an easy bootstrap lifecycle and its easy to extend.


## Good

- SAM takes many/all steps to create (security, publish, apigate, pipline) and can start very fast (bootstrap)
- can manage N functions at the same time (deployed after changeset), has a clear lifecycle (init, build, deploy, package)
- lambdas can be deployed as zip or image
- many IDE toolkit support (Cloud9, VisualStudio, Jetbrains)
- You can group lambdas (as application) e.g. route one endpoint -> N



## Bad

- very fast start, but skips a lot of steps. For production use, you would have to understand them.
- not slow, but also not fast when deploying (depends on Cloudformation, because it searches for the delta).
- autogenerated names with UUID



## first summary:
AWS SAM is a good start and would be for a small/midsize project totally enough to handle multiple handlers and group them.
Regarding the flexibility and grouping there is still room for more (e.g. detailed  )

- AWS CLI - Low level build everything step by step (you literally rebuild what SAM does, but know every step)
- AWS SAM - Fast start and covers the most usecases and add some goodies (e.g. local testing)
- AWS Cloudformation or Terraform - As one of both are part of every project, the integration is easy, but handling multiple lambdas leads to a lot of code.  Usage of modularisation and multiple state files can mitigate the issue, but it needs very good knowledge of tools and the cloud behind.
- AWS CDK - programmatic IaC, which allows very flexible handling and abstraction, but you need developer experiance
- Serverless Framework - is very similar to AWS SAM, just that it is open-source

What tool is used depends on experience with tooling, cloud vendor and development.
